# Useful Information for Lab1 Submission

Welcome to Lab1! Below are the guidelines for successfully completing and submitting your work.

## Step 1: Joining the Classroom

1. Accept the invitation to join the classroom.
2. A private repository will be created for you in GitHub Classroom, which includes the following items:
   - Two input files in data/tramlines.txt and data/tramstops.json.
   - A test file (lab1_student_test.py) that you should not modify.
   - A template (tramdata.py) with the functions you need to implement and their related arguments. Please do not modify any function or argument names in the template.

## Step 2: Implementing Your Solution

1. Implement your solution in the tramdata.py file.
2. You can add your own "helper / extra" functions if needed.

## Step 3: Uploading Your Work

1. After completing your implementation, you must upload the following files to your repository:
   - tramdata.py
   - tramnetwork.json (generated by your code with tramdata.py init)

## Step 4: Checking Test Results

1. After uploading your work, wait for a few seconds.
2. You can check the test results under the "Actions" section, specifically under "All workflows."
3. Click on the latest build to see the results of the test.
4. To view the test details, click on the bullet labeled "Run education/autograding@v1."

Please keep in mind:

- The test is not exhaustive, so it's possible to achieve a 100% score and still have some errors in your code. The test is intended to provide you with an idea of the correctness of your solution.
- It's important not to modify the function names and argument names provided in tramdata.py. Part of the goal for this course is learning how to work with and read documentation effectively.
